ref: new design of Erc20Permit extension (#574)
OpenZeppelin/rust-contracts-stylus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/erc20-permit.adoc

= ERC-20 Permit
Implementation of the ERC20 Permit extension allowing approvals to be made via signatures, as defined in https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2612[`EIP-2612`].

Adds the permit method, which can be used to change an account’s ERC20 allowance (see https://docs.rs/openzeppelin-stylus/0.2.0-alpha.4/openzeppelin_stylus/token/erc20/trait.IErc20.html#tymethod.allowance[`IErc20::allowance`]) by presenting a message signed by the account. By not relying on https://docs.rs/openzeppelin-stylus/0.2.0-alpha.4/openzeppelin_stylus/token/erc20/trait.IErc20.html#tymethod.approve[`IErc20::approve`], the token holder account doesn’t need to send a transaction, and thus is not required to hold Ether at all.

[[usage]]
== Usage

> In order to have https://docs.rs/openzeppelin-stylus/0.2.0-alpha.4/openzeppelin_stylus/token/erc20/extensions/permit/index.html[`ERC-20 Permit`] token, you need to use only this contract without xref:erc20.adoc[ERC-20] as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to have https://docs.rs/openzeppelin-stylus/latest/openzeppelin_stylus/token/erc20/extensions/permit/index.html[`ERC-20 Permit`] token, you need to use only this contract without xref:erc20.adoc[ERC-20] as follows:
```
It's really bothersome to have to update these URL versions, especially because non-official versions don't have docs site generated, making the URLs pointless for them.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/507402f9-21e5-4a67-9707-65de8729d988)

Doesn't have to implemented in this PR, but isn't there a way to create some kind of environment variable like `VERSION` that we could use like:
```
https://docs.rs/openzeppelin-stylus/[[VERSION]]/openzeppelin_stylus/token/erc20/extensions/permit/index.html
```
